---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### Open source

When I think of the term "open source", I think of a community working together to build and improve upon a project. The code for that project should be open, or free for use and modification by the public. I think of communities that encourage contribution by those interested in the project. 

Unlike closed source, the involvement of members with a genuine interest in open source projects means that they are continuously being improved. However, this could also be a pitfall as a large open source project could easily become disorganized.
The freedom of use of open source software means that users have greater flexibility to customize the software so that it's tailored to their specific needs. But, this could mean less reliable software if it's not thoroughly tested.

I decided to register for this class about open source software development because I'd like to get involved in open source projects that I'm interested in. I'd also like to see how open source software development can be different from closed source software development. 


### Projects

1. Linux
    - Linux is an open source operating system developed by Linus Torvalds and released in 1991. I've used Linux and its distro, Ubuntu, when working with projects on virtual machines. It's simple and easy to use, and can be run on any hardware which makes it ideal for computes.
    - Some alternatives would be closed-source operating systems such as Unix, MacOS, Windows.
2. PostgreSQL
    - Postgres is an open source object-relational database management system. I've used in extensively on projects as it is an ACID-compliant, reliable database system.
    - Some alternatives would be MariaDB (also open-source), MySQL (also open-source).
3. Vim
    - Vim is a text editor built upon vi. It's my go-to command line text editor as it is simple but also highly customizable.
    - Alternatives would be nano (open-source), emacs (open-source), Sublime (closed-source).
4. Python
    - Python is a programming language released by Guido van Rossum in 1991. Since then, it's become one of the most widely-used languages because of its readability and extensive library. I've used Python for many classes and projects, such as for data analysis and scripting.
    - Alternatives include Java (has an open-source version), Go (open source). 



