---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Contributions
As it turns out, I've basically become the only person in my team, meaning all contributions to the extension we've been working on have been done by me. To be more specific, I:
* Came up with the extension idea
* Learned how to make an extension 
* Wrote the manifest
* Threw together some HTML, CSS, and Javascript to make something that actually mostly works.

### Project state
At this point, the extension is functional and working the way I want it to. It's pretty spare, but I don't have much web development experience so this is as good as it's gonna get right now.

Initially the plan was to make an extension that would let the user highlight text on a webpage, and save those highlights so that they can see them whenever they go on that page. But, that seemed a little too involved and I wasn't sure I would be able to implement that myself by the end of the week. So, I decided to scrap that idea altogether (the perks of working on a team of one, I guess) and instead made an extension for a notepad on the sidebar. The user can take notes on whatever page they're on, and these notes will be saved for that page whenever the user opens it up later (even across devices as long as the user is signed in, thanks to Firefox's [sync storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/storage/sync) API). I tried to make it look prettier, but I guess my CSS skills are pretty atrocious because every time I tried to do that the extension broke. So I guess it is what it is.

### Something I learned about gitHub this week
I felt that I was already pretty comfortable with git/github entering this class, having worked with feature branches, pull requests, merging, etc. But I had never really had to deal with a merge conflict before, so the activity we did in class on Wednesday showed me how to deal with that.







