---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Cathedral vs. bazaar
The cathedral model of software development involves building the product in isolated units and only releasing the product once it's fully built so that users only see the most "perfect" version. 

The bazaar model (used in open-source development) opens up development to anyone who wants to get involved and releases often.

## Lessons
    2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).

Rather than reinvent the wheel, it's smarter to build upon what's already there. Linus Torvalds did this with Linux by taking advantage of Minix and using it as a foundation. 

    7. Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers.

By releasing versions frequently, developers can quickly gauge user feedback and incorporate that in the next version. Releasing often also gives more visibility to improvements to the project and makes contributors feel more rewarded and that their opinions matter. This encourages them to actively contribute to the project.

## Free vs. open
According to Richard Stallman, "free" means software that respects a user's freedom to run it, change it, and distribute it. It upholds a set of principles, whereas the open source camp cares more about practicality over ideology. People supporting free software take a more hardline stance against nonfree software. While all free software also counts as open source software, the reverse is not always true.

## Project progress
We're going to be splitting up the TODOs in the Scikit-Learn glossary page and working on those.